c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoSurvive.exe
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoSurvive.pdb
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\obj\x86\Debug\MonoSurvive.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\obj\x86\Debug\MonoSurvive.exe
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\obj\x86\Debug\MonoSurvive.pdb
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\espace.png
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\tie_fighter.png
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\vaisseau.png
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\start.png
c:\users\feldma_a\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\font\Starjedi.ttf
C:\Users\feldma_a\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\font\font.spritefont
C:\Users\feldma_a\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\font\Courier New.spritefont
C:\Users\feldma_a\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\feldma_a\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\Waves\main_menu.wav
C:\Users\feldma_a\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonoSurvive\MonoSurvive\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\Waves\main_menu.xnb
